---
layout: announcement
title: 0.7.0 released!
desc: "Key fetures of this release: series archiving, episode limits, autogenerated series filters, and much more!"
---

Announcing Media Rover 0.7.0! 

*Release Details:*

* updated how/when episodes in the download queue are replaced. MR now compares the size of a new item to the remaining amount of the currently queued item. If the remaining amount is less than the new size, the new item is given a delay of 1 and the remaining item is allowed to finish downloading
* updated how quality management and schedule delay work. When processing an item with a schedule delay, MR now checks if the item meets the users desired quality level. If it does, the schedule delay is ignored and the item is immediately downloaded
* introduced new archive feature. For each series, users now have the ability to indicate whether or not MR should download all missing episodes (default) or only new episodes
* introduced new episode_limit feature. Users can now tell MR to only keep a certain number of episodes for a given series. Once that limit is reached, any new downloads will result in the oldest episode being removed
* added new command line option 'configuration'. This command can be used to generate default series filters and write them to a separate config file, series_filter.conf
* reworked config [tv] and [tv][[filter]] sections to make options more clear
* deprecated tvnzb and mytvnzb support
* lots of code cleanup and reorganization
* many bug fixes

Get the latest code updates "here":http://mediarover.tv/#installation, or you can grab them straight from "GitHub":http://github.com/kierse/mediarover/archives/v0.7.0
